Add doc for Inline Macro (#4971)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-cms/reference/templating/macros/managing-macros.md

- Media picker (`Umbraco.MediaPicker`) - select a single media item
- Content Picker (`Umbraco.ContentPicker`) - select a single content node from the Content tree
- Form Picker (`UmbracoForms.FormsPicker`) - choose from exising Umbraco Forms
- Forms Theme Picker (`UmbracoForms.ThemePicker`) - choose from existing Forms Themes

### Enable Inline Macro

In some case you want to have the macro in the middle of a sentence.

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/840606/221513022-878ada3c-bf5b-4ebf-b171-012882ae3cbc.png)

Reviewer: Would be great with a more descriptive title for the image here!

> - To enable this add a macro parameter called: **enableInlineMacro** with the type Checkbox(`Umbraco.TrueFalse`)
> - Next time you add the macro and enable this parameter, it will be inlined.

Reviewer: How about restructuring this list of steps a bit:

```suggestion
To enable editors to add the macro inline, follow these steps:

1. Add a macro parameter called: **enableInlineMacro**.
2. Choose Checkbox (`Umbraco.TrueFalse`) as the type.

The next time you add the macro, enable the new parameter to add the macro inline.
```

#### Enable Inline Macro by default on a macro
In some cases you want to have a checkbox that has this enabled by default, then you can create your own type of macroparameter that has 1 as default value. To achive this, create a DataEditor class anywhere in your Umbraco Project with the following definition. 

> ```

Reviewer: Let's define which language is used in this code sample 💪 

```suggestion
```csharp
```

    [DataEditor(
        alias: "enableInlineMacro",
        type: EditorType.MacroParameter,
        name: "Enable Inline Macro",
        view: "boolean",
        Group = "Macro Config",
        Icon = "icon-list")]
    public class EnableInlineMacro : DataEditor
    {
        public EnableInlineMacro(IDataValueEditorFactory dataValueEditorFactory)
            : base(dataValueEditorFactory)
        {
            DefaultConfiguration.Add("default", "1");
        }
    }
```

> Tip: You can create a MacroParameter however you want, the importance is to have a parameter called enableInlineMacro with the value 1 to enable it.

Reviewer: Let's make this stand out as a tip! 😄 

```suggestion
{% hint style="info"%}
You can create a MacroParameter however you want, the importance is to have a parameter called enableInlineMacro with the value 1 to enable it.
{% endhint %}
```
